UDOO BOLT features two M.2 connectors on the bottom of the board.

### M.2 SATA/PCI-e Slot: Socket 2 Key B type 2242/3042/2260

The mass storage capabilities of the UDOO BOLT are completed by an M.2 SSD Slot, which allows plugging **M.2 Socket 2 Key B** Solid State Drives with **SATA** interface or **PCI-e x2** interface (*PCI-e x1* is also supported).
The connector used for the M.2 SATA/PCI-e slot is CN20, which is a standard 75 pin M.2 Key B connector, type *LOTES p/n APCI0087-P001A, H=8.5mm*.

On the UDOO BOLT board there is also a Threaded Spacer which allows the placement of M.2 Socket 2 Key B SATA/PCI-e modules in 2260 size.  

In the [Official Accessories](!Accessories/Official_Accessories) section you can find a *M.2 SSD Transcend MTS600 2260* drive compatible with this connector, available in the UDOO shop.

It is possible to also place modules in 2242 or 3042 size, by using a M/F Spacer, which allows fixing the M.2 module on the spacer already available on the PCB, deemed for the fixing of the M.2 Key E.

The PCI-e x2 interface can also be used for different purposes other than SSD modules, but it is important that the CONFIG_1 signal is driven properly (it can be left unconnected on PCI-e based modules, due to the presence of the pull-up resistor on the platform).

For example you can connect other accessories as the official [M.2 dual Ethernet Module Kit](!Accessories/Official_Accessories) or an adapter from *M.2 to PCI-e 2x* as used in [this project to connect an external GPU](https://udoo.hackster.io/matteodelbalio/udoo-x86-with-geforce-gtx-1060-gpu-2aed20?ref=channel&ref_id=497_published___&offset=0).

### M.2 NVMe Slot: Socket 3 Key M Type 2280

Another possibility to connect mass storage devices is given by the **M.2 Key M Slot**, which allows the plugging of M.2 High Capacity SSD NVMe drives with **PCI-e x4** interface.

The connector used for the M.2 SSD slot is *CN17*, which is a standard 75 pin M.2 Key M connector, located at the bottom of the board.

On the UDOO BOLT board there is also a Threaded Spacer which allows the placement of M.2 Socket 3 Key M PCI-e SSD modules in `2280` size.

Searching in the web you can also find *M.2 to PCI-e 4x* to connect an external GPU. These unofficial accessories are not supported by UDOO.

### M.2 Connectivity Slot: Socket 1 Key E Type 2230

It is possible to increase the connectivity of the UDOO BOLT board by using M.2 Socket 1 Key E connectivity modules (i.e. modules with functionalities like WiFi + Bluetooth).  

The connector used for the M.2 Connectivity slot is CN19, which is a standard 75 pin M.2 Key E connector, type *LOTES p/n APCI0076-P001A, H=4.2mm*, with the pinout shown in the table on the left.

On the UDOO BOLT board there is also a Threaded Spacer which allows the placement of M.2 Socket 1 Key E connectivity modules in 2230 size.

In the [Official Accessories](!Accessories/Official_Accessories) section you can find a *M.2 Wi-Fi Intel dual band ac Wi-Fi + BT 4.2 5ghz + adhesive antenna* module compatible with this connector, available in the UDOO shop.
